This file explains consistent theming in mmx's cards.

Time of End: The Time Being is a demonic entity that consumes/changes the past. The Clock Tower Warden is a sage that looks to the future to prevent it. Both forces vie for the present.
Factions: Arcane, Outsider.
Gameplay Themes: Depicts time manipulation by affecting upkeep, on-summon, echo, etc. Annihilation is also present as an analogue to consumed time or timeline erasure.
Trivia: CTW uses Arcane cards, and Time Being uses Outsider cards.
Example Card: Chronological Key.

Hell's Kitchen: The origin of flesh-eating, as well as the preparation of said flesh. From primitive cannibals to masterful chefs, it all comes together.
Factions: Nature, Outsider.
Gameplay Themes: Sacrifice to heal and/or buff. Turn death and damage into health.
Trivia: It's only a joke if you think it is.
Example Card: Sacred Tomato.

Kalangue: A city suspended in space by otherworldly powers, under control of humans who think that this will last forever, and their king.
Factions: Arcane, Outsider.
Gameplay Themes: Supports and cards that bolster them. Effects are volatile, with costs, prerequisites, or set conditions.
Trivia: The cards depict the city both before and after its fall, for Arcane and Outsider respectively, while sharing themes.
Example Card: Gaze Through the Eclipse.

Hopeless Horizon: A cult of positivity that saves the desperate, who then become devotees for life. These devotees will give everything for their brethren.
Factions: Neutral.
Gameplay Themes: Aura, Shroud, Block, Invulnerable. Staying alive despite terrible odds and glaring weakness.
Trivia: While current members are devotees, future cards depicting the leaders of the cult will be more gritty. 'Hopeless Horizon' is what they call the world.
Example Card: Hopeless Horizon Soldier.

Tiki: A tribe that venerates Moai-like heads through song and dance. They're peaceful, but their cheerful presence hides powerful and mysterious techniques.
Factions: Nature for members of the ecclesiarchy. Neutral for other tribesmen.
Gameplay Themes: Buff Synergy, Flow, Teamwork.
Trivia: Flow isn't part of the game yet, but will see use when it is added.
Example Card: Tiki Tribesman.

Kalamesh: Before Kalangue, there was Kalamesh - a country where occultism was part of everyday life. Surprisingly, this tradition was not the cause of its demise.
Factions: Outsider.
Gameplay Themes: Death and rebirth, "came back wrong". As an occult faction, generic themes like sacrifice and transformation are also featured.
Trivia: This is a take on an outsider/occult theme that isn't malicious or secretive. Has a Hindu naming scheme. 
Example Card: Devastroy.

Gleaming Isle: Exalted land of the machine men. Here dwell the outcasts who seek to become as their very creations.
Factions: Science.
Gameplay Themes: Ability Manipulation, Construct Tribal and Conversion, Upgrades.
Trivia: Includes two opposing factions: The traditionalists who see themselves are higher beings, and the rebels who believe that all machines are alive and fight for their freedom.
Example Card: Integration Administrator.
